Hello and welcome back to the course and Paul VI in the tutorial we talked about drilling in child data.
We talked about and drilling down and Choctaws drilling up what we talked about the show next level
and expand next and functionalities that are available to us.
And today we going to practice a little bit of that because we're actually going to need it to solve
our challenge and then we'll move on to adding calls to viz..
So let's get straight to it.
We integrate a new pager here and into this page we're going to drag drag representative and the units
the number of units sold and then we're going to change this into a barge.
Let's increase the size.
And so here we've got the representatives.
But at the same time we don't see from this election which representative works in which region we can
definitely check that by going into the data and looking at for instance read Richard rooks in East
in East region.
Bill works in the central region and so on.
But it is much better if we would have that information on the ocean.
So what we're going to do is we're going to take region and we're actually going to add it to the same
access so we've got the x axis are here and we're going to add Ridge region there but we're going to
add it above our present.
So she dragged in to the access and just put it in just above the representative you'll see this yellow
line up here.
This yellow solid line and then it'll pop over there.
And obviously the ocean changes because that region right now is the dominant column on this resolution.
But at the same time you can now see that this pattern is active These buttons are active show next
level and expand next.
So here you can see them as well.
And that means we can go into the next level of this hierarchy or synthetic Hartly there so you can
see it's not an actual hurricane because as opposed to dates if I go back to page two you'll see that
we've got order data and then these are shifted to the right a little bit so that's showing us that
there is a hurricane here whereas this is just like a hurricane that was created just for this chart.
And but nevertheless we can still drill in through it and that's what we're going to do.
As we remember when overgraze use this Boran because go to the next hole the hierarchy will completely
disregard the region and therefore this exercise is pointless.
But what we're going to do instead is we're going to expand the next level so we're going to click this
button.
And as you can see now we've got central the central region here.
Alex and Bill then we've got the West region and then we've got again central central east central east
central east and west.
And so now the last thing we need to do is we need to order.
So the first thing that comes to mind is you click the buttons here and then you click sort of by region
rep and then his reversal vertical order so click it again and ideally it should start properly right
so should be central than it should be East because a b c d e and then w.
But here you can see that it's still soaring by the name of the Representer So Alex Bill James Matthew
Morgan Nick.
So a B J M M and R R S S and T and I think this is something that might be not working properly and
partly I might be wrong but what's going to do now is we're going to take a region which just recreates
this resolution.
But we're going to drag the presenter and region in the in a different order onto this.
And so let's just take a representative out the sick region out.
And now this first put region in because remember we put in Representative before region.
So now we're going Prinergy that region and then representative in and expands to the next level.
And now if we order if we sort if we sort these you'll see central central central central central east
east east and west west.
So that's how it's supposed to be that's the behavior that we want.
And so if you find that you're getting that same kind of bog that we just witnessed then just try try
doing that try putting in region first and then representative.
And hopefully that will fix it and maybe in future versions of Paul be-I this problem will be removed
and therefore maybe you'll be working right away.
All right.
So that's what we wanted.
And now for the final step now we're just going to add some color so that not only we can see by the
text where the different regions are but also by the color and there's a very quick way to add color
you've got two options here you've got the legend and you've got the concentration.
So if you let's say for instance a Guinness and put into concentration so it has a numeric value for
concentration.
It will tell you where you've got more Celso actually make it more prominent and easier to identify
where there's more cells where there's less.
At the same time what we're after is we want to call them by region.
So by categorical variable which is region here and we're going to drag it into legend instead and was
that again just straight into legend.
And there you go so you can see we've got the central region is green the blue the East region is black
and the West region is red.
And of course you can adjust the colors and you just need to go to the format over here.
There's lots of different formatting options.
We're just going to look at the colors for today.
If you look at the drop down here you can change the color.
So let's say Central will be yellow east or not let's say central believe central Green or make He's
yellow as the rising sun and that's say red for the series like the red.
So there we go.
So we've got central east and west and they're very nice because you can tell right away who's sold
the most units in which region.
So Alex has sold the most in the central region Richard has sold the most units in the East region and
James has sold the most in the West.
But that doesn't actually answer a question because for us we need to find out for the shower to find
out who made the most sales in dollar terms.
And that's something that we're going to discuss in the next tutorial.
Ali first the next time and until then happy analyzing.